Well, last week, we talked about speak up and share our faith.
And I talked about that I was tired about being on eco mode.
I remember that.
I said, I'm tired of being on eco mode.
I want to go back to sport mode.
And I want you to know that our church is living back in sport mode.
And nothing says sport mode around River Valley Church, like starting a new campus.
How many of you know what I'm talking about?
Nothing says sport mode.
Like we're back on the offensive and we're ready to start a new campus.
And I want to let you know, I talked about it in the vision message in January and I'm ready to reveal it today that we are starting a new campus in 2022 in Maple Grove area.
That is where our next campus is going to be.
And I want to let you know that from our Apple Valley campus,
Caleb and Autumn Graham are the new campus pastors, and I want you to show your appreciation as they answer the call.
They came here from North Dakota, and they've been on staff for a couple years.
They just felt this is the next move for them.
And they gladly accepted that, and we're ready to send them there.
They're going to be assembling a team and a launch team.
And if you're interested in being back on sport mode, all right?
You can text the word Maple Grove to 94,000.
That's the word maple grove to 94,000.
And we will help you to get the info you need.
If you know friends in that area, they're like, is there a river valley church come that way?
Matter of fact, I got an email this week.
So he said, I have a friend in New York.
Is there a river valley in New York?
I'm like, not yet.
We're going to maple grove.
All right, yeah.
I get requests all the time.
Where's the next one?
But the next one is maple grove.
So if you're interested again, or if you have friends in that area and they want to get the info,
And even if you're just leaning in, you feel like it's part of what your next step is to do.
Please text the words Maple Grove 94,000 and congratulations to Caleb and Autumn.
We think you're gonna do an amazing job.
You're ready for this.
We're back on sport mode.
Now today, after we did speak up and share your faith, I wanna talk to you about being hot and being salty for God.
Hot and salty.
All right.
Some of you are like, where's the scripture for that?
I'll get there.
All right.
I believe this.
I believe the time for casual Christianity in America is over.
I believe it's time for the church.
It's got to stop being compartmentalized weekends only.
If it doesn't inconvenience you, it's not too much to ask.
If it's half hearted, half baked, half lit, whatever.
You know, there's no more that it's time to go all in and say it's time for the church to be hot
and salty, and you're still wondering where that verse is.
All right, turn to me.
Matthew chapter five, verse 13, Jesus is speaking and he says, you are the salt of the earth, but if the salt loses its saltiness, how can it be made salty again?
It's no longer good for anything except to be thrown out and trampled underfoot.
You are the light of the world.
A town built on a hill cannot be hidden.
Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl.
Instead, they put it on its stand and it gives light to everyone in the house.
In the same way, let your light shine before others that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.
That's where I get it that you are supposed to be hot and salty.
And you say, wait a minute, it says light.
Don't you think you should say we should be bright and salty?
I just want to tell you right now, when Jesus was talking to them, they were not thinking about flashlights, on, off, on.
They were thinking about that.
They were thinking about fire.
They were thinking about candles and lamps and bonfires and bigger fires.
Any light that was being done at that point was light that was coming from fire.
So give me the latitude because I think the church doesn't need to just be on.
The church needs to be on fire.
The church needs to be hot right now and saying, we're gonna be part of this.
We're gonna be hot and we're going to be salty.
Now, I'll start with that with being hot, with being the light, with being the flame of God for this world.
It's the only explicit statement that Jesus states to his followers that it's something that he is also.
Follow me.
It's the only explicit statement.
She's like, you are the light of the world.
You're gonna go out and be a hot flame to this world.
You are the light of the world.
Now it's interesting, he calls himself the light of the world.
He calls you and I the light of the world and he calls himself the light of the world.
Matter of fact, he called his disciples the light of the world before he called himself the light of the world.
Think of that.
And he's saying, if you are my disciples, if you said yes to Jesus, if you have given your life, if you're a Christ follower, you don't have a choice, you are the light of the world.
Jesus said, I want you to go out into the world and be that light in a world that's so dark, in a world that's so desperate, in a world that's gone mad with evil.
He's like, I want you to go out and be the light, the church,
has to be hot with a flame being the light to this world.
And we've been given the honor and privilege to do that.
It's an amazing thing.
You didn't say, all right, you guys just follow me and study and stay huddled up in church.
And I'll let the angels go be the light.
I didn't do that.
He said, you guys, you, the church, all of you are all the light, you get to go out in the world and be this flame for me
this bright thing for my glory.
And he's like, you're going out there.
And he says, I don't want you to be hidden.
I want you to be on a stand.
I want you to be shown.
Again, we think like, the reason I wanted to go to hot and not just, you know, the light or bright was, as I was studying for this, I really did.
I was thinking like, it's a flashlight.
Like I'm the, you know, we're the light.
Okay.
Yeah.
And then I was like, wait a minute.
It's so easy on, off, off, off, off.
And I was like, no, they were like,
If you're following Jesus, you're a flame, and you're on fire, and you are hot for God, and they were protecting it.
They didn't want it to blow out.
They couldn't just be on off, they could do that.
They were like, if we're on, there's a flame, there's a passion, there's a burning, and the only thing they could do is hide it, and Jesus is like, I don't want you to hide it.
And so I'm like, okay, it's got to be that God wants us to be on fire for him,
passionately filled up with the power of the Holy Spirit, and we're not gonna hide.
We're gonna go out there and be bold and say, here's what we believe.
Here's what God's called us to do.
Now, when you're the light and when you're hot for God, that's attractive to some and it's attacked by others.
When you're gonna be a light, when you're gonna be a flame, when you're gonna bring the light of God into this world that the Bible says loves darkness,
It's going to be celebrated by some and it's going to be attacked by others.
And so let me just give you a few things that are celebrated about being hot, about being the flame for God, about being the light.
And if I use light, flashlight, hot, do you get it?
You understand what I'm saying?
Now, one of the things that light does when it comes into a room is it illuminates.
and it brightens up everything, and it shows what's in the room.
It shows what's available.
It just, it kind of brought, it lets everybody see what's there.
And I'll say this, the older I get, the more light I need.
How many know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I mean, the older I get, the more I go to those restaurants and I go to a restaurant that's nice, it has ambiance, a little dark, and I look at that menu and I'm like, I can't see a thing.
I'm like, hold it that far away.
I back a hold it across the table, still can't see it.
I get the flashlight out shining, and you're like, how many have turned on your phone?
Honestly, you've turned it on, turned that light on, and you blind everyone in the restaurant, right?
And so I found this app, and I can just turn my light on real suddenly, just at like 10%, and then it magnifies, somebody's shining their light, turn that light off in the turn.
It's like a concert.
We're all like, oh.
But I do that.
I've got to see it.
I've got to see.
And so I'm looking at that.
How many have heard of that?
Blackout dining.
Have you heard of that?
Blackout dining?
Blackout dining is where people go into a room and you sit down and then they turn out all the lights.
The wait staff has like infrared things so they can put the food in front of you.
You can't see a thing.
It's pitch black.
Blackout dining.
And you're there and they put stuff in front of you and they say go ahead and eat.
Not me.
I want to see it.
How many know like I'm assessing what to start with?
Like all right, that right there.
All right, we're starting right there.
I'm eating with my eyes first.
So here's the beautiful thing.
The world is eating with their eyes first.
And when we come into their world, we illuminate who Jesus is.
And they get to read the menu, the light is on.
And they're like, wait, wait, wait.
I didn't know that that was a spiritual option.
I didn't know that that hope could be available.
I didn't know that that peace could come into my life.
I didn't know they're looking at the menu.
You are light.
You are bringing that into their world.
And you're illuminating something.
And it's beautiful.
They're eating with their eyes first before they can ever taste and see that God is good.
They're looking at you, the menu.
It's a responsibility.
You are the light of the world.
We share this with Jesus and we're pointing people to Jesus, but we are what they're seeing first.
I mean, when I go into a place and I eat with my eyes first, sometimes I'll look and be like, sorry guys, it's too dirty.
Too dirty, we can't eat there.
I don't know about you, sometimes I go into a bathroom.
I'll look at the bathroom, oh, sorry, I'm out, I'm out.
I'll never forget we were on a global team and we were in China and we were there on the global team and it was the only place that we could eat
in the town and Logan went early and went into the bathroom and he came out before the food got there and he said, hey dad, dad, when you pray over the meal of the day he goes, really pray, really pray, like really, don't do like a thanks for the food God, you know, like really pray, it's dirty.
Hey, the world is reading the menu.
Are you bright?
Are you pointing people to Jesus?
Are you saying, I understand what you've called me to do and I want to be on fire for you.
Another thing that the light can do and that the flame can do,
It can warn people.
There's a lot of depression in this world.
There's a lot of misery in this world.
There's a lot of people that have just a heaviness on them, and the light can come in there, and it can warm them, and it can inspire them.
How many know what I'm talking about?
The light can inspire, and I think about this, like, Minnesotans, people that are watching online, if you're not from Minnesota and you're watching online, we love that you're part of our church, but you gotta understand where, like, what we are in Minnesota, like,
It can be gloomy and 70 degrees, and Minnesotans are depressed.
We're like, it's overcast.
It's kind of gloomy.
I can't see the sun.
It can be minus 20 and studying.
We're like, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
Coming into church.
We're like, it's fine.
It's minus 20.
Garden start, but the sun is shining.
The light is there.
I feel good.
We could not live in Seattle.
None of us, all right.
But we can inspire, and I believe there's lots of Christians are partly cloudy with approaching rain and fog coming after that.
We should be the light of the world bringing light and lift into those places and saying, hey, we want to bring this joy into this room.
We want to lift this.
We're bringing the light of God into this atmosphere, and we should be able to lift the room.
And by the way, side note, if anybody ever comes to you with something that is partly cloudy, foggy, maybe even disastrous,
Don't you dare add to the gloom and doom, you bring lift.
If somebody says, hey, just got a diagnosis from the doctor, man, you bring light into that situation.
You bring faith into that.
You be the light like you're supposed to be.
Could you imagine somebody bringing a problem to Jesus?
Like, Jesus, my son has this disease.
Jesus, yeah, bummer.
I had a couple of people die of that in Galilee too, you know?
He went to done that?
He'd say, where's your faith?
He would bring the lift.
If we are supposed to be the light, so we're gonna inspire.
One person said, some people are a joy, wherever they go, others are a joy, whenever they go.
All right, we wanna be a joy, wherever we go.
Because of that, don't dim your light.
Don't dim your light.
Be hot.
Be on fire for God.
Don't be quiet when you should speak up.
That's just dimming the light.
Don't go along with the crowd.
When God says, don't go along with the crowd.
You're dimming the light.
Don't deny the light.
Some people deny the light.
Are you a Christian?
No, no, not me.
My mom, dad are, but not me.
Like I'm totally not.
I'm going to go to church occasionally, but I'm in a small group.
And I'm not a follower.
No way, not me.
And I serve, but not me.
No way.
Don't deny.
And don't let sin dim your light.
Listen to what Ephesians 5.8 says, for you were once in darkness.
but now you are light in the Lord.
Live as children of the light.
That means our everyday behavior should validate that God said over us, you are the light of the world.
When you go out in the world, you're gonna live like the light.
When you're living in your daily life, your behavior is going to say, I understand that I am supposed to be the light to this world.
The place that God has placed me, I'm going to be the light.
And I pray against a flashlight mentality that says on, off, on, off, on, off, on, off for faith.
I pray that we say we are on all the time, all the time.
We are gonna be bright for God and we're not gonna say, you know, I'm gonna let the world dim my light for Jesus.
Let me tell you right now.
I battle some of the thoughts that you have as well.
I watch our world and I see our society.
I was preaching at Shiloh Temple on Saturday morning this weekend, and I walked in the door, and the pastor's wife said, praise God, we didn't have a shooting last night in Minneapolis by our church.
And it just hit me.
And they've had funeral after funeral after funeral, and shooting after shooting after shooting.
And they rejoicing that they had one night without a shooting.
One night.
And I thought this world has gone mad, it's gone dark, it loves violence, it loves crime, it loves hate.
It loves all these things that are wrong.
It's loving the darkness more than the light.
And after a little while, you kind of feel like it's overwhelming darkness.
And God just spoke to me and said, shine brighter.
Like a candle is worthless in the middle of the day.
It's not needed.
But in the night, it's needed.
A flashlight is really not that valuable in the day.
But at night, thank God for a flashlight.
And so right now, I'm saying like praise God that we're right here where we are.
We get to be the bright light.
We get to be hot for God in Minneapolis, St. Paul, in Minnesota, and around this world.
I remember that song when I was a little kid.
I don't always sing, but I read this little light of mine.
I'm going to help me remember that song.
I'm going to this little light of mine.
You're all saying, I'm going to let it shine.
This little light of mine.
I'm going to let it shine.
Let it shine.
We ought to do the second verse.
But remember, shine all over the neighborhood, right?
Right?
That's what you're supposed to do.
You're supposed to be the flame in the neighborhood.
And then don't let Satan get out.
Don't let him dim it.
Don't let him put it out.
You are supposed to be the light and shine brighter in this world.
Like I said earlier, it's attractive to some and attacked by others.
It's an interesting thing right before Jesus tells his disciples, you're the salt of the earth.
You're the light of the world.
Like if sending you out, you're the light to show God's love right before that.
You know what he talks about?
Persecution.
Write before that.
Write preceding that in Matthew.
I'll read it for you.
Matthew 5, 11, 12.
Bless are you when people insult you, persecute you, and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of me.
Rejoice and be glad because great is your reward in heaven for in the same way they persecuted the prophets who were before you.
Do to face persecution right before he tells them you're the salt
And you're the light, you're the hot flame of God going into the world to show them how good God is.
He saved guys by the way.
When you go out to be the light, when you go out to be the salt, there's gonna be persecution.
There's gonna be people are not gonna like the light.
They're not gonna like the salt.
They're gonna fight against it.
Some are gonna love it and others are gonna fight it.
And some people say, well, I'm not getting persecuted lately.
Well, maybe you're not shining very bright then.
Because the Bible says in 2 Timothy 3, 12, in fact, everyone who wants to live a godly life in Christ Jesus will be persecuted.
And I believe this, I believe persecution is coming to the church because we're shining bright as the light.
I believe as we look at the qualities of salt and who we are, I believe persecution is going to be coming.
People don't like it.
If you stand for purity, people that want to live morally loose and anything goes will attack you.
If you say this is the traditional view of marriage, people will attack you.
They don't like that light.
If you say, I'm pro-life.
People will attack you.
You think about Texas.
They did the heartbeat bill recently.
You'd have think that they said, we're lining up all the kids and shipping them off into the ocean.
And they're attacking Texas so that boy cop does do that and do that.
And then the house in our nation said, no, no, we'll secure abortion till 40 weeks, but not 40 months, good night.
It's long enough, 40 weeks, all right.
But they said, we'll protect it for 40 weeks if you want.
The darkness is attacking the light.
If you say, I wanna give to the church, give to missions, greedy people will say, why do you give so much?
If you say, I'm gonna have clean language, people with filthy mouth will come and attack you because they don't like the light.
I can illustrate this in my own life.
Years ago, when I was just starting River Valley Church, and by the way, this weekend, by the way, this weekend, we celebrated 26 years as a church, 26 years.
When I started the church and I would go around people and I'd maybe be in a crowd and maybe somebody was from our church and was their friends and somebody would be swearing 26 years ago, they'd say, hey, hey, hey, that's my pastor.
And the person would go, oh, oh, excuse my French, you know, like, sorry, sorry, I didn't mean to do that.
All right, fast forward about 10 years from there.
They'd be swearing and the person would say, like, hey, hey, hey, this is my pastor, you know, like, there's some light, there's extra light here, pastors here, there's extra light.
And people are like, oh, sorry, you know, didn't know that offended you, almost like,
started at that swearing, offends you, you know, light boy, you know, like, you know what I'm saying?
And then now, now, when I'm around people, and they're swearing their head off, and they're like, hey, hey, hey, that's my pastor, and they're like, oh, well, has he ever heard this one?
Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing.
And I'm just like, oh my goodness, in like 26 years we went from, excuse my French, to have you heard this one?
Because there's an attacking that's going on towards the light.
There's an attacking that goes on towards it,
I'll give you another thing.
Sometimes you just don't like it.
They attack it.
And they're just, you're just even just being yourself, just in your normal everyday behavior.
Like, I'll go to a place and I'll be out in a community event.
And so we go, hey, can I get you a beer?
And I say, no, I'll just take a Diet Coke.
And I'm also like, you don't want a beer?
And I'm like, no, I would just like a Diet Coke.
Are you judging me for drinking a beer?
I'm like, no, I literally just said I just wanted a Diet Coke.
That's all I just said, I don't want a Diet Coke.
You think you're better than me?
Because you're not drinking a beer?
I'm like, no, really.
I literally just, I didn't say that.
I just said, Diet Coke.
That's what I like.
I don't drink beer, but I just want a Diet Coke.
Oh, you think I have an alcohol problem?
Is that what you're saying to me?
You got any alcoholics in your family?
I'm like, I literally just want a Diet Coke.
Even a Diet Pepsi will do.
I'll just, whatever you got right now.
I just, what does all I want?
Isn't that interesting?
I didn't say anything, but just a little bit.
I'll say, whoa, what are you doing?
Why are you not living?
Like I'm living.
Why are you living different than me?
Why are you doing that?
Our boys would say that they would show up sometimes to parties and different things like, oh, no, Connor and Logan are here.
Extra light is showed up.
Can't do that now.
They're here.
That's how the world is.
And I'm praying that we will shine brighter in a world that needs to see the light of Jesus Christ.
That's who we need to be.
All right, now, I don't have enough time to get in this, but I'll go for a couple of minutes on salty.
Got to be hot and salty.
I like that.
It sounds like something I want to eat.
Hot and salty, you know?
I like being that.
I want to be hot and salty.
Salt is so valuable.
Salt is so valuable to the human body.
Did you know that every cell in your body has salt in it?
Every cell in your body has salt in it.
You need salt.
You have to have salt.
It has to be part of your diet, and your body is so good at extracting the salt out of the foods that we eat.
It's so good at doing that, but you have to have salt.
Every cell in your body has salt.
Salt is so valuable that the word really is salt money, and that's the word that we derive salary.
Salary comes from salt money.
When the Romans would pay their soldiers, they would pay them in pure salt, and it was salary, salt money.
It's so valuable.
When somebody's a great worker, they say they're worth their salt.
If somebody's an amazing person and they're full of goodness, you'd say, that person is salt of the earth.
Salt is a valuable thing and as a Christian, we are spiritual salt.
And I'll give you a couple things.
First of all, we should add flavor to everything we do.
We should add flavor to everything we do.
We should make it better.
We should have that object in mind that if God has placed us in a neighborhood and we're supposed to be the light and the salt, our salt is gonna make that neighborhood better.
If we're in a school, our salt is going to make that school better.
If we're in a workplace, our salt is going to make it better.
We're there to add flavor.
We're there to add another perspective.
We're there to bring some life to it and have that salt and bring that flavor to it.
And it's a beautiful thing that we bring this flavor to the government, to the people say, well, should the church be involved in politics?
Well, we should bring our salt there.
We should bring our salt there and say, hey, we wanna make this better.
We don't wanna be eliminated.
God told us to be in the mix and to bring the salt to whatever God, whatever's going on around us.
And we need to, by the way, we need to be both salt and light.
Salt, if you're just saying, I'm gonna do that.
I'm gonna add, I'm gonna make everything better.
I'm gonna really make it better.
Matter of fact, if you read Matthew chapter five and you just did those things, if you said, I'm gonna be meek, I'm gonna persevere, I'm gonna be a peacemaker, I'm gonna be merciful, all the things that Jesus says right before salt and light, that's really like salt stuff there.
If you do just that without the light, you're almost like a social worker.
How many know what I'm talking about?
I'm making everything better, I'm making it all nicer, I'm doing everything and I'm gonna really be an outstanding citizen, but God says I want you to be salt and I want you to be light.
You're gonna have to point things out, you're gonna have to illuminate, you're gonna have to reveal things, you have to be salt and light.
One of the most harmful things that a body can do is have too much salt.
You can have too much salt.
You can have high blood pressure.
You can have bloating.
And so people that struggle with this have to watch.
They don't have too much salt.
So some of you are like, oh, I like that part.
I like the meat.
I like the peacemakers.
I like the social good.
I like all those things that Jesus told us to do, but he told you to be the salt that brings the flavor.
He told you to bring the light, but he also told you to be the salt that would preserve what's going on from rotting.
Now again, going back to flashlight, you know,
wasn't invented until way after Jesus talked about this.
But refrigeration, being used in houses wasn't even invented.
Like the electric refrigerator wasn't even invented until 1913.
So when Jesus was talking about being salt, he was talking about packing the food in salt.
Packing the meat in salt.
If you ever go on a global team, which I'd recommend that you go on as soon as possible, not recommend.
I want you to go.
You need to go.
As soon as we can open up these countries and get out there, go on a global team.
But you'll see in some of these countries where you're out in the far regions, you will see meat that is packed in salt.
They are preserving the meat in the salt.
And the salt keeps it from rotting.
It actually preserves it.
And so Jesus is like, you're the salt.
They were thinking, okay,
We are the preserving agent.
We keep things from rotting.
And the church has not done a very good job of keeping this world from rotting.
And he's like, that's your job.
You're supposed to go out there.
You're like an antiseptic.
You may not know this, but babies in the Bible times, if you want to read it later, you can read Ezekiel 16, 4, babies were actually scrubbed down in salt and oil.
They would scrub a baby down after they were born in salt and oil, wrap them in clothes for about seven days.
Then they'd throw those clothes out, scrub them down again in salt and oil.
It was like an aniseptic that would keep them from being infected.
And so this is something that we're supposed to do.
We're supposed to be a preservative.
We're supposed to keep this world from rotting.
And Jesus is like, what good are you if you're salt
And you've lost your saltiness.
What good are you if you're my followers and you don't actually add the flavor I need you to add and preserve this world from being so evil like it wants to be?
I'm trying to help you to keep it from rotting and falling apart.
You're the salt.
And he says you're no good.
He says if you're no, like you're throwing it on the ground and walk on it.
Some of you didn't know this about salt.
You're like, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Salt can't lose its saltiness.
But see, the salt Jesus was talking about there was taken from the Dead Sea.
And then it all sorts of impurities in it.
It wasn't the purest level of salt.
And so the people would understand it.
They'd be like, okay, you're talking about when we get that cheap salt and that we got salt, but after a while, if we don't take care of it, the other things make it impure and it's worthless.
It loses any value of it and the other things take over and it's no longer good for what we want it for.
And then we just throw it out on the street.
And he said, I need you as my followers to be hot.
to shine bright to be that flame.
But I also need you to have that flavor and I need you to preserve this world from getting rotten.
And he's saying, guess what?
As believers, it's your honor, it's your privilege to be distinctive from the world.
You get to go counter-cultural, you get to keep them from rotting.
And as they're chasing after the things of the world and the sins of this world, he's like, no, no, you're gonna be salt in this world and you're gonna help slow down the decay.
You ever wonder how bad it would be if the church wasn't here?
And we're slowing down the decay.
And he says, you know what, if you're gonna sound like them, if you're gonna act like the world, if you're gonna look like the world and you need to be like the world, you know what the world's gonna do?
They're gonna throw you on the ground and walk on you.
The world has no use for a church that just wants to be like the world.
There's no use for it.
One theologian right now, he just said, he said, if you wanna be progressive and you wanna be all just like them, he's like, there's no way, the only end of that is like death.
There's nothing, you're just like them.
And they're not looking for somebody in the church world to be just like them.
The Lord is saying, you should be the light in this world.
You should be the salt in this world so that when people are living in darkness, wondering where there's hope, they find the light of Jesus.
When they're living in these things that are sinful and wrong, instead of just saying, well, the church looks just like us, they find the hope of people that are living like salt in this world.
As I'm praying that our church will be hot and salty.
Shine bright for God.
Be a flame and be salty for God.
And say, God, we will receive this.
It's an honor.
It's an honor that you would say, that's what you are.
You don't get the opt out of this.
That's what you are.
This is what we are.
That's what he said we are.
And so I pray we'd see it as an honor.
God, it's an honor.
We get to be the salt and the light to this world.
So God, I'm just praying right now that you'd help us to grab hold of that.
It's time for us to be hot and salty.
Flame, hot for you, God.
Forgive us for just hiding the flame.
Thinking that it's just a flashlight.
On in this environment, off in this.
On on Sunday, off at the workplace.
On over there at Bible stating it's small group, but off when we're in the home life.
God, it is on.
We are the light and we are flaming, hot for you.
God, we are the salt that I pray we'd preserve this world from going rotten.
I pray we'd bring the flavor that we need to.
But God, that's just one part of it.
Help us also to preserve and to stand out.
And God, when we're attacked, I pray that we'd realize that you said, we're blessed.
We're blessed.
They hated you.
They'll hate us for this too.
But God, they're hating us because we're light and salt.
They just hate because we're light and salt.
And so God, I pray that we'd strengthen one another.
We'd grab hold of that right now.
And I pray for anybody that's facing that persecution right now.
And I just wonder, why do they hate me?
God, I pray that they'd realize they hate the light, they hate the salt, but God, you've called them to be the light and salt, and they are needed in that dark place now more than ever.
God, help your church right now to be hot and salty.
In Jesus' name, I pray, amen and amen.